docs: Configuring the number of workspaces (#2004)
codenvy/che-docs: modules/installation-guide/partials/proc_configuring-the-number-of-workspaces-a-user-can-run-using-configmap.adoc

[id="configuring-the-number-of-workspaces-a-user-can-run-using-configmap_{context}"]
= Configuring the number of workspaces a user can run using ConfigMap

This procedure describes how to run more than one workspace simultaneously using ConfigMap. 

.Prerequisites
* An instance of `{prod-short}` installed using ConfigMap.

> * The combination of PVC strategy and access mode meets the following criteria:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each new workspace creates at least one new mount point to the storage (PV), in write mode. The default `common` storage strategy in `ReadWriteOnce` access mode reuses the same PV to physically store all data from multiple volumes of all workspaces of the same user, and doesn't support multiple mount points. Therefore to increase the number of simultaneously running workspaces, the combination of PVC strategy and access mode must meet the following criteria:
```

+

> --

Reviewer 2: why do we need mentions of `PVC strategy`?

Reviewer: We need to avoid that situation: `ReadWriteOnce` access mode  + `common` PVC strategy.
